.TH "LTTNG-SIMPLE" "1" "May 22, 2012" "" ""

.SH "NAME"
lttng-simple \(em Trace command with lttng

.SH "SYNOPSIS"

.PP
.nf
lttng-simple [OPTIONS] -- [COMMAND]
.fi
.SH "DESCRIPTION"

.PP
lttng-simple aims at running the provided command under tracing. It creates and
setup a tracing session, run the command and then destroy the session. By
default, three traces are generated in the current directory, one with kernel
events, second with user-space events and the third one with both kernel and
user-space events. Produced traces begins with the name of the executable and
suffix \fBk\fP and \fBu\fP identify if kernel and/or user-space was enabled.

.SH "OPTIONS"

.TP
.BR "\-h, \-\-help"
Show summary of possible options and commands.
.TP
.BR "\-k, \-\-kernel"
Enable kernel tracing (default: enabled)
.TP
.BR "\-u, \-\-userspace"
Enable user-space tracing (default: enabled)
.TP
.BR "\-o, \-\-output"
Output base directory (default: current working directory)
.TP
.BR "\-b, \-\-batch"
Base directory for batch processing. When this option is provided, one trace
will be produced for each executable in the directory.
.TP
.BR "\-l, \-\-log"
Log file output (default: stdout)
.TP
.BR "\-n, \-\-dry-run"
Do not execute any commands, just show what would be done.
.TP
.BR "\-c, \-\-clear"
Remove trace directory if exists. If this option is not set and the trace
directory already exists, then the trace will be appended. (default: disable)

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
lttng(1), babeltrace(1), lttng-ust(3), lttng-sessiond(8)

.SH "BUGS"
.PP
If you encounter any issues or usability problem, please report it on our
mailing list <lttng-dev@lists.lttng.org> to help improve this project.
.SH "CREDITS"

.PP
.SH "AUTHORS"
.PP
This man page has been written by Francis Giraldeau
<francis.giraldeau@gmail.com> for the Debian project.
.PP
